♪ ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Well, good for you
I guess you moved on really easily ♪
♪ You found a new girl
And it only took a couple weeks ♪
♪ Remember when you said
That you wanted to give me the world ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ And good for you
I guess that you’ve been ♪
♪ Working on yourself ♪
♪ I guess that therapist
I found for you she really helped ♪
♪ Now you can be a better man
For your brand new girl ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Well good for you
You look happy and healthy, not me ♪
♪ If you ever cared to ask ♪
♪ Good for you ♪
♪ You're doing great out there
Without me, baby ♪
♪ God, I wish that I could do that ♪
♪ I’ve lost my mind
I’ve spent the night ♪
♪ Crying on the floor of my bathroom ♪
♪ But you’re so unaffected
I really don’t get it ♪
♪ But I guess good for you ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Well, good for you ♪
♪ I guess you’re getting
Everything you want ♪
♪ You bought a new car
And your career’s really taking off ♪
♪ It’s like we never even happened, baby ♪
♪ What the fuck is up with that ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ And good for you
It’s like you never even met me ♪
♪ Remember when you swore to God
I was the only ♪
♪ Person who ever got you ♪
♪ Well screw that and screw you ♪
♪ You will never have to hurt
The way you know that I do ♪
♪ Well, good for you
You look happy and healthy, not me ♪
♪ If you ever cared to ask ♪
♪ Good for you ♪
♪ You're doing great out there
Without me, baby ♪
♪ God, I wish that I could do that ♪
♪ I’ve lost my mind
I’ve spent the night ♪
♪ Crying on the floor in my bathroom ♪
♪ But you’re so unaffected
I really don’t get it ♪
♪ But I guess good for you ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah ♪
♪ Maybe I’m too emotional ♪
♪ But your apathy’s like a wound in salt ♪
♪ Or maybe you never cared at all ♪
♪ Maybe I’m too emotional ♪
♪ Your apathy’s like a wound in salt ♪
♪ Or maybe you never cared at all ♪
♪ Well, good for you
You look happy and healthy, not me ♪
♪ If you ever cared to ask ♪
♪ Good for you ♪
♪ You're doing great out there
Without me, baby ♪
♪ Like a damn sociopath ♪
♪ I’ve lost my mind
I’ve spent the night ♪
♪ Crying on the floor of my bathroom ♪
♪ But you’re so unaffected
I really don’t get it ♪
♪ But I guess good for you ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Well, good for you
I guess you moved on really easily ♪